go crazy mango whoa like are you crazy
are you crazy
Hey oh what a cute noise you saying hi
to Sammy oh you turn the talk are you
trying to talk yeah oh yeah I keep doing
that
express your vocals hello mango stop
staring at me a weirdo no more crazy
Bert I'm funny
Sammy you know you want it no you're
scared buddy
yeah picture yeah the video Sammy wants
its herb Ming or wants it back
hey go get it go get it he's gonna drop
this okay
who wants it wants a bird man go come
here
top it
use your foot you know how to do this
right stupid babies I want it it's mine
Sammy's your mango take it take it
bearded dragons maximum size without a
foot-and-a-half photos in a glass oh you
jerk is better than egg how big one -
about six feet yeah he told you off the
knee